Added endpoints to get asset with IPFS CID's and Arweave URLs (#328)
livepeer/docs: pages/reference/api/get-assets.en-US.mdx

}
```

# Retrieve an Asset with IPFS CID or Arweave URL

> Retrieves the details of an `Asset` that has previously been
> uploaded using IPFS or Arweave. Supply the unique `CID` from IPFS or `URL` from Arweave associated with that asset, and Livepeer will return the corresponding `Asset` information.

Reviewer: I think here is a context where the "upload" word can be very confusing. A user without context reading this could be confused, is it because you "uploaded from" IPFS/Arweave, or because you uploaded from anywhere else but then "uploaded to IPFS" (not the way we use "upload", but makes perfect sense) from our API?

The answer here is actually that it means both 😆 
So I was thinking of being explicit the best way we can (given the confusing "upload" term). WDYT of?:
```suggestion
Retrieves the details of an `Asset` that has been
uploaded from IPFS or Arweave, or stored on IPFS from the Livepeer API. Supply the unique `CID` from IPFS or `URL` from Arweave associated with that asset, and Livepeer will return the corresponding `Asset` information.
```

For IPFS
```jsx
curl --location --request GET 'https://livepeer.studio/api/asset?cid={CID}' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer $API_TOKEN'
```

For Arweave
```jsx

> curl --location --request GET 'https://livepeer.studio/api/asset?cid=ar://{URL}' \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl --location --request GET 'https://livepeer.studio/api/asset?sourceUrl=ar://{URL}' \
```

--header 'Authorization: Bearer $API_TOKEN'

> ```

Reviewer: Actually thinking further about it, I'm thinking we should skip the `cid` documentation here as:
 - For the most common use case, which is creating assets from an IPFS CID, the `sourceUrl` query is enough
 - I'm not aware of any user relying extensively on the "store to IPFS" feature, and in fact we only have 160 files pinned on our Piñata account. I wouldn't doubt these are only my own tests lol
 - We don't have our whole dStorage game figured out yet, and I think we're doing it sometime this year when we implement Arweave support as well etc

That way, maybe we should omit the `cid` query for now and mention only the `sourceUrl`, showing how to query by IPFS as well (and maybe by "generic http url"). Will simplify this doc while already solving for what I think is the main use case here.

WDYT @Shih-Yu @0xcadams ?

> ```

Author: That makes sense to me
